Session 1: A 3-Hour Tour
Session 2: Ambushed in the Brush
Session 3: Can you hear the people sing?
Session 4: What’s “Magics”, precious?
Session 5: Your Mom let you have six parents?
Session 6: Bustin’ thugs? OUTTA PRISON!
Session 7: Escape before dawn
Session 8: Incognito mode
Session 9: Magic Lessons & Infiltrations
Session 1: A 3-Hour Tour
June 02, 2025
Character introductions
Push and Pull of the Ocean Tide “Pot” - tabaxi pirate, monk “aka dex fighter #1”, has lived his whole life aboard the ship, occupies the crow’s nest
Bishop - mute bullywug pirate, artificier, 
René - human passenger on merchant vessel, ranger “aka dex fighter #2”, enough rizz to catch Marisa IRL
Bennet - human bodyguard on merchant vessel, gunslinger “aka dex fighter #3”
Caspian - human navy sailor, pugilist, rigging runner, act first / ask questions never
Johanna - halfling navy sailor, rogue “aka dex fighter #4”, former pirate
Pirate / Navy / Merchant ships all engaged during stormy weather. Massive sea monster surfaces and wrecks all the ships. Everyone abandons their ships and swims for the nearest shoreline.
All characters wash ashore with nothing but the clothes on their backs. Tensions high due to previous battle and low communication affinity.
Pirates try to back away into jungle but are surrounded by velociraptors. Everyone joins in to scare them off.
Caspian declares the pirates are under arrest and the entirety of the island will be their jail for now. 
Everyone begins scavenging the wreckages and looking for food / water.
Find a river 2 hours inland, convince some herbivore dinos not to worry about us, gather water, firewood, start putting up shelter.
Caspian attempts to wrestle giant fish, is not a fish, is a plesiosaur. Caspian and René are downed in combat before the party can retreat.
Before resting for the night, one of the herbivore dinos falls in a pit trap Johanna had set up. Pot tries to free it and is sideswiped by a tail in the process. The dino is set free.
Party wakes up in the morning, crosses the river, deciding to head to highest point we can find on the island as a lookout point. 
Run into small pack of dinos eating a dead pirate along the way. Attempt to ambush them, doesn’t go exactly as planned. Pot, Bennet, and René all drop during the fight. Scare the last couple frilled deathspitters away.
Loot: leather armor, dagger, scimitar, tinderbox, 10 bullets, 10 gold
Session 2: Ambushed in the Brush
June 09, 2025
The party continues to head uphill to scout the rest of the island.
Lots of flying dinos about, best not to climb to the tippy top of the mountain (that’s where they nest)
East - Large sandflats, west - thick jungle, north - more jungle leading to ship anchored off-shore. Can’t see who they are from this distance
Decide to climb back down the mountain and sleep in the jungle, safe from bird dinos. Late-night meal calls for scavenging for wood in the dark. 
Pot and René take off, stumbling into a small pack of deinonychus. Both are brought down before Caspian and Bennet can reach them and stabilize.
Back again at sunrise, with many more people. They’re also shipwrecked on the island. The party convince them it’s ok to bring Caspian back to their hideout, he’s mostly harmless. Has to be tied up.
At the treetop bungalow, the party learns the ship anchored in the north is a scientific expedition from Calvatharn.
We know that Calvatharn is “highly-logical” science-forward country that utilizes mostly slave labor.
Think we can steal the ship if we liberate enough Calvatharn slaves to fight back against their masters
Party is healed some and re-stocked on supplies from the treetop shipwreckers
Able to take leathers, bows, and a number of extra tool kits they have lying around
Will return to inform the shipwreckers if our plan to steal the Calvatharn ship solidifies
Advance further into the jungle only to get lost for a while. Run into a Carnosaur that is easily taken down with a few crits
Begin to hear chatter up ahead, but nobody can understand it besides Bishop.
End up following a regiment of Calvatharn soldiers to a cave outpost.
Scientists are trying to obtain some kind of eggs without the parent dinos noticing.
A plan is developed to single out a soldier when they’re away from the rest of their company and convince them to defect. They will return to their regiment and spread word. Then we can attack the commander without interference from the slave-soldiers.
Plan is effective in taking out the first commander, we now have 10 soldiers on our side.
Pot returns to the treehouse to inform the shipwreckers that the plan is moving forward.
Rest of the party returns to the cave to take out the rest of the commanders at the outpost.
We end up with about 30 slave-soldiers and 5-10 miners on our side. About 80-90 soldiers remain at the main camp with their commanders.
Plan to incite more rebellion among the main camp and steal the ship next time.
Session 3: Can you hear the people sing?
June 16, 2025
Pot returns with the shipwrecked people and we plot how to overtake the remaining Calvatharn camp
Plans discussed are to gather the remaining commanders and blow them all up together, sneak aboard the ship without alerting the camp, or cause start spreading information of a rebellion and get more common soldiers on our side.
The explode them with gun powder plan wins because of course it does.
Split into three teams and gather supplies to create fire arrows to ignite the gun powder barrels
⅔ of the party end up running into various dinosaurs on the way and get pretty hurt before the battle.
Bishop, Johanna, and Caspian break off to hide the barrels around the central meeting tent before the morning commanders meeting
René, Bennett, and Pot go to sabotage the long guns 
The plan goes relatively smoothly, injuring most of the commanders and kicking off a chaotic rebellion.
Many common soldiers are confused and about half end up fighting us
Eventually we take the camp
Flares are sent up from the ship, they expect some kind of coded answer
We answer wrong and the ship begins to set off
Pot swims out to the ship first and apprehends the scientist on board, Thebrin Quass
A long discussion ensues about what to do with Thebrin, René wants to kill her, Bishop just wants her off the ship, others think we could use a scientist
Thebrin ends up staying aboard
We spend a week getting the ship prepared to depart and leave dinosaur island behind
Session 4: What’s “Magics”, precious?
June 23, 2025
We set off in the direction of Zhelesyr with Caspian taking the helm, Bishop providing general repairs, Johanna cooking, Pot on lookout, Bennett ________, and René being a louse
Our crew consists of about 50 total, speaking many different languages and having difficulty getting on
First encounter we come across is a stranded sailor named Tamal, he had funded a voyage to the New World to establish a trading outpost but was marooned by his hired ship, The Graven Deep, for being too much of a gossip
He is let aboard and is being retained as a linguist as he speaks ~15 languages
Second encounter is that of a ship covered in viney purple tendrils, and on closer inspection the crew is also covered in tendrils and appears dead/unconscious
René warns us to sink the ship and continue on, many of us haven’t heard many details of magic prior to this, René is pretty cagey on the details / insists we kill anyone involved
Eventually we agree to inspect the ship. There is one crew member left alive, Corren. The magic infected the entire crew, making them fight each other to the death and Corren won. Caused by their captain messing around with some sort of artifact
More warning us not to mess with magic, we all go to look for the captain and the artifact. Discover a large floating metallic orb over the empty husk of the captain’s skin. She kept her captain’s log as a tattoo so we take the skin to see what happened.
René touches the orb. WTF. Orb opens and there is a water sphere inside containing a person make of stars. We all freak out, attacks are made, star person fights back. Eventually they chase René on deck and disappear when they reach sunlight.
We vow to sink the ship and move on
Third encounter we see a Vallume naval ship in combat with a pirate ship. Majority of party decides not to engage
Session 5: Your Mom let you have six parents?
June 30, 2025
Fourth encounter, we come upon an abnormal pulse that rocks through the ship, followed by a small whirlpool that seems to be drawing dead fish down below.
Thebrin, Caspian, and René decide to get a closer look in the rowboat and discover a creature below the water.
Another bit of experimentation leads to trying to lure the creature to take a bundle of meat being hung from the mast, turns out to be a young blue dragon
Reaching Zhelesyr, we give the crew option to depart and receive a severance of 1.5 gold to pursue whatever they like or remain aboard and receive a share of any wealth we uncover.
About 20 crew decide to depart, we’ll have to recruit some more before leaving port
Bennett checks in with her family
Father Faustus, burly orc smith
Mother Mayari, purple haired human
Parent Inka, bald, nonbinary
3 other parents deceased
Research costs to repair the ship / eventually install deckside ballista
Look for work
Decide to take shipping quest to Tir Zafiri once ship is repaired
Capture some muggers (alive) in Zhelesyr while we’re here
Session 6: Bustin’ thugs? OUTTA PRISON!
July 07, 2025
We try the ol “damsel in distress” trick only to be bested by the lack of darkvision as the tiefling gang notes the ambush and starts to flee
Most get away as we lock in against the Boss
After knocking her out, half the crew starts having a moral (and maybe gay?) crisis over turning her in
We decide to take her to the ship overnight to try and make a decision and rest
We decide to do Good Cop (Bennett) and Bad Cop (Caspian)
The Order is involved? 
Thaylord, Captain of the Guard, has locked up a bunch of people (a whole prison)
Elrik Thelorian, the governor ALSO has his hand in the pot. He’s ordered Thaylord to round up people suspected of magic
Have to pay to keep him from turning people over to the Order
We decide to help break the tieflings out of prison and let them escape
THE FIRST SECRET REVEALED - Rene used to be a member of the Order of Bone and is totally on the run
Jareth Varcryn is the head of the Order of Bone here
We sneak into the prison without causing too much trouble but as a guard heads to warn Thaylord/Thelorian, Pot goes to head him off, but WHIFFS (thanks to derek) and he blows a horn. Pot then blows the horn intimating that he did it instead of the guard
We convince the guards to leave and that we can handle the prisoners and use the opportunity to free them and load them into the carriages…all except for the ten or so missing tieflings
Johanna and Caspian decide to try and free the missing tieflings only to run into more Order of Bone members
Session 7: Escape before dawn
July 14, 2025
Johanna and Caspian engage in combat with two Order of Bone members and against all odds are able to defeat them. Thus freeing additional tieflings, bullywugs, lizardfolk, etc. from the jail.
All groups quickly and quietly make their way back to Khalven’s Sacrifice, with Bennet stopping back at home to notify her parents that she’s taking off again.
Bennet is stopped on the dock by guards, who are now aware of the jailbreak, but she’s able to convince them that she’s just bringing some drunken comrades back to our boat to sleep.
We cast off into the night with the Zhelesyr fortress raining cannonfire on our escape
We return fire on the ship that is readying to pursue us and disable its mast somewhat.
Once outside of the port we begin repairs on our own mast and sails that had taken heavy damage
Much discussion ensues about how to escape our pursuers. Ideas of finding an inlet along shore to hide in, using magic, and fighting them are considered
Eventually Corren and one of the tieflings we just rescued were able to cast Darkness to obscure the ship on the horizon long enough that our pursuers sailed elsewhere
We turn our ship towards Tir Zafiri
Along the way we run into another vessel that is dead in the water.
The captain is rather suspicious, we infer that they’re probably smugglers of some kind.
They are hoping for sail cloth and timber to help repair their ship from their last encounter
They are willing to pay a premium, Johanna coaxes a bit more out of them for a total take of 500 gold.
They were unwilling to part with any cannons despite looking like they were very heavy with guns
We land in the outlying islands around Tir Zafiri
Bennet and René take to shore and check out a local in. Most of the townsfolk try to avoid them and the barkeep is very dodgy with questioning
Once back on board Johanna and Caspian are able to relate that Tir Zafiri pressgangs most of their navy from the locals and since there is no standard among the navy, they probably thought we were here to abduct people
Talk turns to how Johanna and Caspian joined the navy, both being forced to serve over jail time.
When it comes to light that the first mate and captain of the Thalassir were withholding pay to create a “savings” for Jo and Cas, Bennet explains that they were basically slaves on the ship
Caspian is forced to reconcile that much of what he’d been told in the navy had been lies
Session 8: Incognito mode
July 21, 2025
The ship arrives at the main Tir Zafirin port under the new name, Bleeding Heart.
Everyone disembarks toward the merchant’s guild to see if there are any jobs to acquire while in port
One that catches the eyes of Bishop and Pot is a mercenary expedition to the new world funded by a local merchant. A large number of ships are being enlisted.
Bishop wants to warn the local populace that the ships are coming but is convinced to gather more information first
The party splits off to the naval office and to a contact of Johanna’s to see about other job opportunities
The navy has escort jobs, envoy jobs, and a job investigating ship disappearances
Johanna’s contact is an undercity boss named Sandrul. He is able to provide more information on the mercenary expedition for either money or a favor.
The favor involves breaking into the local jail and liberating a magical artifact that is currently locked up awaiting the Order of Bones arrival. The party can keep any other artifacts that are there.
The party meets back up to discuss options
Johanna shares that her brother is in the navy and may have more information on the mercenary expedition, so we visit Johanna’s childhood home
The house is ramshackled, built-on-top of itself, ala The Burrow
Johanna’s mom takes in any number of stray children, she has many siblings, some of which are new since she’s last been home.
Edgar shares that the merchant tried to get the navy involved in his expedition with promises of precious metals and building resources, but they were uninterested
He reports that the expedition is to an icy region to fight snow monsters
René notices that Edgar shows signs of magic sickness, purple veins
Edgar mentions that the navy may have another job we could take on, a salvage job to gather materials from a shipwreck.
Session 9: Magic Lessons & Infiltrations
July 28, 2025
Lizard Names
Bernadette
Olivia
Francesco
Arthur
Frankie
Boga
Erick
Sergio
Zachariah 
Chace
Amos
Flowers
Logan
Silver
Ozzie
Jagger
Scottie
Purdy
Skipper
Darwin
Bully
Friday
Wesley
Nutmeg
Gretel
Blanche
Flake
Bosco
Beauty
Curly
600 gold, 7 silver, 3 copper
I owe Varla 10 gold
Session ??: To be names
January 19, 2026
Back in the guesthouse after fighting the wolves
Bennett is actually snooping around in Bastian’s room and comes upon a fake board in the wall
Finds a leather bound book and opens it up (it’s his diary, she puts it back)
Realizes he has a bunch of keys (7 or so) squirreled away
Bastian never comes back into his room as dawn comes
Decide to head into town to find more appropriate weapons for the ALPHA
Renee and Pot decide to stay behind
Bastian shows up a bit exhausted
We all head to get silvered weapons
Renee wants to make a weapon out of the wolf’s skeleton 
We should be able to get everything tomorrow
We head to the manor to get the study so Jo can look at the maps
We get an idea of where the cave might be
We go see the ballroom and attempt to learn some dances ( Jo, Caspian and Pot slightly unsuccessfully, then stop by the kitchens
Bastian leaves us to go see his tutors, Bennett goes back to the ship, Rene goes to the blacksmith, the rest go out on the town
Out there we see a woman wearing the same bracelet as Jo, she takes a few bags and gets on a horse and ride away
Vinnie finds out her name is Sotha and she comes in for supplies every couple days
Jo tries to use the bracelet to see what the woman is doing and they switch places -but she gets a glimpse of Pot and Vinnie
Later, Jo talks about how it didn’t feel like magic when casting, even though it was magic and Bennett talks about feeling something similarly with some of her magic
Jo takes the bracelet off and notices there’s longer hair there 
Pot goes to take a coin out and notices that it burns him
It makes Jo’s wrist itch
Overall, decide to not mess with the bracelet for the time being and not wear it
Meeting up with Bastian for dinner, he suggests eating in the kitchens to avoid his parents in the dining room 
We discuss whether we want to try and potentially ask the wolves to come join the crew, but ultimately understand there’s no way of knowing until we get to the situation
Everybody has a bunch of chats before bed
Bennett and Vinnie talk about wanting to make sure Bastian doesn’t tag along on the fight
Rene and Vinnie talk; Rene shares about how his first kill was also an animal and how it was tough, but that the empathy and that feeling is still important and gives Vinnie a rapier named FirstBlood
Caspian goes to talk to Jo and apologizes for being so direct about taking off the bracelet earlier, Jo shares that it might be nice to feel powerful in her body and that magic or being a wolf could be a way to get that
Pot talks to Vinnie about feeding SK, says that it’s pretty obvious when Vinnie does it and to potentially be careful
Pot goes to talk to Bennett about feeding SK as well, thinking about how to make sure he doesn’t end up looking weird and trying to make a schedule; he also shares that the silver hurt him earlier today. Bennett brings up talking to Corren about it but Pot doubts his knowledge and doesn’t really want to
Pot goes to Corren who sends him to Thebrin (who calls him PUSH lmao)
All in all, there’s really not a good “‘cure” available, the best suggestion is to cut off whatever got bit. The bite is the most dangerous thing. Aconite is another mentioned cure
Despite this, no one wants a limb cut off
Myrenthal, Calvatharn and Zhelsyr forgery papers/seals
Calvatharn: Senior Metallurgist Ha Zellpen
Myrenthal: Cryptographers' Guild Deputy Head Sesklos Adalwen
Vallume: Princess Cecilia Pavlya
Dreadbell flower
Notes: 2/16/2026
Eutychos Arnesen is the guy after Myara Varas
Session ??: 
April 20 2026
Rene goes to talk with Shadowfin before leaving; Shadowfin is remaining behind to watch the keep and maintain communications with the criminal group that will be using it for Jo
Pulling into Tir Zafiri, we come across a large naval battle that looks like its between Vallume and Tir Zafiri - we find out that Calvatharn and Tir Zafiri have made an alliance
Happened 3-4 months ago
Currently no other countries appear to be in the same alliance
Vallume and Darathia are allied in opposition
Dashiell Howell - high ranking tir zafiri official against the alliance
